# 042: The Mystery at Planghage Lake

===
do they know a blacksmith
===
Flick casts Goodberry and gives 4 goodberries to everyone. Vengeance considers continuing to heal Cyrowan.

Flick wonders what she knows about Elementals. Their intelligence is generally at the level of most beasts, but since Flick can't communicate with elementals as she can with beasts, spoken-language communication is out of the question. On the plane of water, they are animated energy. They can take shape and perform tasks when someone calls them into being on the material plane. The only ones she's ever heard of were bound into service by a powerful mage; they generally resent being bound into service, somewhat like geniis. Flick attempts to communicate with Anghala; it hovers where it is, turning the flat of its front towards Flick. The elf's primeval awareness is of no use here; she can't detect its emotions. "It is a slightly too anti-entropic disturbance in the water" Flick ruminates aloud. [DM describes it as a particle in quantum field theory.] It has a head-mound and pseudopod-like extensions. 

The only other elementals Flick has encountered ... she wonders why it's here. Could the impact have ... ? She wonders if some kind of arcane disjunction is the reason for the explosion, and Anghala is the result. Maybe someone in Sandford will know something. 

Jean-Luc: Are we sure this was caused by an impact, and not a portal-gone-wrong, or something like that? 

["Flick only has exterior monologues."]

Flick detects faintly a portal inchoate in her bag. As Flick touches the rope of climbing, she feels like there's some sort of portal energy about it. There's a little of the portal around Gorph's dead body, and a lot around Cyrowan. 

Jean-Luc: We have a number of other pressing issues which may take precedence over The Mystery at Planghage Lake. 

The group takes a short rest. Flick examines the bracers on the burrowlings arms; where they are it's preserved a thin margin of living tissue. She wraps the bracer in oilskins. Vengeance: Is there any way we can make some armor out of this stuff? 

Flick: If whatever created the lake is what gave this is duermer, it might point the way to what is happening. It wasn't just a meteor. It wouldn't create such a precise --- it wouldn't create that small of an impact. They'll know something at Sandford. Flick doesn't remember any astronomical phenomena from a year ago.

Because this would have been such soft ground at the time, being in the course of a river, the impact site might be larger than expected if a meteor had contacted bedrock or a hard substrate. 

Vengeance collects some "rings" before they go to use as sexy two-finger rings one might see in a brothel. 

[SHORT REST]

They should be able to make it to Sandford before twilight. Flick and Jean-Luc see that in the burrowling satchels it's filled up with gems and minerals. Nature check tells Jean-Luc that some of these have been passed off as fools gold, and some look genuine. THey don't look to have been collected with thyme or reason. Jean-Luc takes one of the satchels. 

Vengeance: "We're rich!"  Vengeance has de-articulated the bones of the one Gerd brought up and is displaying the bones as if they are treasures. That skeleton also had a bracer so they each have one now. 

Walking towards Sandford. 

as they approach from the west, they can see the remnants of full walls, which are now just isolated guardposts. the road thy're on now leads down the center of the town towards the market square. there are a few neighborhoods, but the main roads run to the ports; there is a port up at the top called Melliansein. The main entrance is in the southeast. An area called Gentle's Beanch that's a sandy beach. the town is known for the sandflats. the hills that separate the sandflats from the river are known for their zinc deposits and sandstone that the town makes a lot of its buildings out of. the sand itself is used for glassmaking and the zinc from the hills can make an alloy Sandford Brass which is a particularly strong type of metal that some weapons are made out of. It's used for "ceramic plates" in bulletproof armor (does it make good armor or weapons?) -- it lends itself towards brittleness, but it can be made into excellent weapons. they can put an obsidian edge on the weapons which make them incredibly sharp. but do they break more freqnently than other weapons? seems to contradict saying they are strong.

vengeance knows that sandford, now in early fall, holds a famous fishing competition around this time of year. they have very good fishing all year round. we're getting into virginia-style temperate weather. marlin, flounder, red-fish, bass, and tuna. competitions are held around now to see how can get the most and largest fish. 

jean-luc has heard of a group called the Hat Baskets ("weird naming convention"); he can't quite recall the thieves can't for the name. they operate here in Sandford; they direct a lot of their attention eastward, because they are the first port west of the steeplepeak mountains, so if someone rounds the peak, they will land in Sandford first. the first place north that you can cross is at least 100 miles north at Saxifrage ("rockbreaker") Pass, where there is an outpost of Frost Orcs (local term) . they aren't evil orcs, but they aren't known to be comradely -- one might say they're chilly or frigid to strangers. you would  have to go ever further north to find a proper welcoming trading town. 

The town essentialy follows : hardscrabble properties on the outside, more elite / bourgeoise properties as you go further in, there's a lot of industry around the ports ; but it's a smallish town. 

[**give character to buildings]

they are looking for temple or medicamentum at which to drop Fez. 

Vengeancae: fellows, please avoid the fishing competition or it will bring up some pretty bad memories for me. But I _would_ like to see the famous sandflats.
Jean-Luc: Do you think we're on a sightseeing trip?
Vengeance: I'm just saying that if we happen to pass by, like they are kindof world famous, and it would be weird to go on with our lives and be like yeah we went to sandford but no we didn't see the sandflats.
Flick: i'm not as interested as vengeance is, but it's a very different landscape from where I group up, and I have an inherent interest in ecological diversity. 
Jean-Luc: I'm just happy we're in a place with buildings. (He takes a deep breath of city air, looking around, and lets out a contended sigh) "it sure beats hiding in a forest and going through underground caves with monsters trying to eat me"

JL detects on the air the faint smell of salty brine, different from that of Fez (the wind blowing strongly up from the southeast),  brackish waters. It leads him to believe ... the southern arm of the pony mountans come down  and funnel the sea air past Sandford and Follicle Bay, where things get "a little hairy". 

Flick suggests heading to the plaza. 

The only city Flick has experience with is Cressida. and the brief stay in marshbout, so she doesn't have a good comparative grasp of levels of civilization. this town strikes her fairly provincial understanding . Cressida is like "athens in its heyday in terms of the qquality of its buildings". it lounges along the shores of the lake for 11 miles. "A lot of people say they're from cressida when they're actually from north breszleton."

__north breszleton__ / north breziltin

Flick's parents (adoptive parents) have a nice house in the actual city -- but she was mostly raised on their farmholding to the northwest. Flick just grew up on the dacha and could never go to Moscow. she wasn't a point of pride ot that family, (though wasn't a shameful secret either). she was never part of that part of their lives. treated like the landscaper at times?

sandford is -- the buildings don't stand out in terms of height, ,at most 3-story buildings, except for religious buildings. a lot of lazy watertraffic, people fishing in the bay, some pleasure boating perhaps. for the most part it's incredibly approachable. the indutries are relegated to the outskirts. glass is a notoriously smelly business, and since the wind blows to the NW they try to keep those industries on the NW edge, and also nearer the sands. mostly sleepy houses with a shore-feeling town. 

the market square is large for the town, and quite a few smaller ones are spread out as they approach the center. people ahve gardens around their plots, and a number of lackadaisical farms dotted the outlands. it's almost a party port stop, or vacation port stop, in part, for people rounding the peak. but it's not a "resort town" . there's a divide - the north are the cheaper houses, and to the right near gentle's beach might be more expensive houses with absentee landlord holdings. 

The walls look like they're been maintained for academic or archaeological reasons. some of them have been rebuild in a cast? of the original walls. there are ancient inscriptions on them. where they end, at pillars, is a discrete ending; they are cut off succinctly. they aren't allowed to continue to crumble. sort of like sections of the great wall where tourists are allowed.

flick: so it's part of a historical artefact. and it looks like the town might even take pride maintaining it. there is a tower far to the south, and up north, and the towers look like there is activity around them and being maintained. and they have nominal sections of wall connected to them. 

Flick, as they're walking down the main road, looks for "places of godly healing". (should have made this investigation). See some churchlike structures, none in particular dedicated to gods of healing that she can see.

__murder grumpins__

