Saturday, April 4, 2020

Level 5

Day 8

# Recap

## the battle continues

Flick suffered a run of bad luck, first in attempting a coolly unimpressive waddle between a pair of rocks, and then in getting Scrobs'd by a effluxion of sticky sweat. Exuviae thought she saw a true convert in Fez, but upon anointing him with holy chrism (chunky style) the thriste[[1]](<http://localhost:8080/recap/8#fn1>) halfling resisted the compulsion to wrestle naked in honor of the leprechaunic horse. Exuviae admitted that she enjoyed being a member of the bourgeois-leisure class insofar as she was able to provide a similar service gratis to interested members of the burgher demographic. She then turned a scatological imprecation into a confession, revealing that the ring of realistic genital molds kept her trapped in this ring. Carlos attempted to sell out Jean-Luc's jewels (or their negative image), before agreeing with Flick's idea to destroy the integrity of the procreant[[2]](<http://localhost:8080/recap/8#fn2>) ring, a task to which they committed themselves once assured of Scrobs's neutrality by the wacky equine. Scrobs, despite the detente, remained a chip off the old block, and danced around the wood elf provocatively in hopes of eliciting a wrestling match.

## smash and stab

Drav, cautious of the possibly toxic genital dust pluming from Carlos's maddened swings, drew into herself, and recalled learning that rituals with similar terrestrial geometry, in the absence of a transcendental power, typically conjured their objects in pairs according to the most powerful axis of polarization: in this case, good and evil (or so she thought). Paros, spaced out for reasons altogether unrelated to his proximal physical environment recalled an ecological text which contended that the natural products of certain ancient worms had the tendency to appear differently to surface dwellers. Drav's suspicions aroused, she began further examining the rocks, and quickly determined that the igneous layer was a mere shell over a viscous brown substance.

As Flick went to inform everyone of the 'planar anomalies' caused by boggle teleportations, the image of Daealla appeared to her through a Scrobs puddle and enjoined Flick to cease destroying the protective genital ring. As Flick remained unable to tear Daealla from the mirror world for a tete-a-tete, and Drav considered the implications of ancient earth-moving entities, Fez noticed that Exuviae had become transfixed by Daealla's genitals, transformed into a shining vector of pure radiant light visible in the nearest puddle.

Stuck in this stalemate, Daealla confessed that the peryton raiding the gnolls had once been a fey succubus named Calliope, whose draining Kiss had been extracted into a literal and symbolic daughter named Aphelia to reduce the number of enucleated men pledging themselves to the ancient horrors. Attending to the matters at hand, the gang took a moment to catch their collective breath and then precipitously lit all the collected genitals on fire in one of the oil pits, occasioning the transformation of one of the larger rock benches into the malicious form of Gedhtathgon, a totally metal black knight, at whose beck and call Exuviae transformed into Hengest the Violent, the Neightmare of renown.

---

<section><ol><li id="fn1"><p>Bold, daring; audacious, presumptuous.&nbsp;<a href="http://localhost:8080/recap/8#fnref1">↩︎</a></p></li><li id="fn2"><div>Of, relating to, or enabling procreation.&nbsp;<a href="http://localhost:8080/recap/8#fnref2">↩︎</a></div></li></ol><h1>Transcript</h1><p>flick: unimpressive "acrobatics" to waddle between the rocks.</p><p>orange, but purple veins in it the color of scrobs' body. dc-18 strenght saving throw or be restrained (oh, scrob's restraint puddle)</p><p>exuviae does cream-cheese oil all over fez (i give him advantage because he's protected from good and evil) -- but also it's a charm spell and he's immune to charm</p><ul><li><p>fez still covered in oil</p></li><li><p>fez tries to make it seem like it's not the grossest thing ever.</p></li><li><p>exuviae: you like it! is this part of your normal morning routine.</p><ul><li>sect of halflings somewhere that does this to themselves.</li></ul></li><li><p>performed "Traditional halfling ablutions" on you -- for nothing. how's that a waste?</p></li><li><p>exuviae gets others to do things for it, and likes being a member of the leisure class</p><ul><li>misses hoof attack on fez</li></ul></li><li><p>flick: fuck you!</p></li><li><p>exuviae: if would make it easier to fuck me with a copy of your genitals</p><ul><li>it's the main reason i'm trapped here.</li><li>druids try to keep themselves in wrestling salad days.</li></ul></li><li><p>flick insight[20] -- not lying about being trapped here. when it's on this plane, it has to come to this area. (i'm giving a lot for a 20)</p><ul><li>would you not being fighting us to the death now?</li><li>exuviae : with the druids in me, hard to resist. but also pissed about druids getting firebombed. half and half. we really just wanted copies of this cool blonde-haired dude's genitals.</li></ul></li><li><p>flick: could you break out of this thing?</p><ul><li>you're not who we came here to deal with. i want to stop this if we can.</li></ul></li><li><p>carlos: can jean-luc just give up his genitals.</p></li><li><p>exuviae: the models are what keep me here.</p><ul><li>could try to destroy them all. i can't touch them myself.</li></ul></li><li><p>flick: can you call off scrobs?</p><ul><li>scrobs: yeah i'll stand down.</li></ul></li><li><p>flick gets knives and carlos gets hammer to destroy genitals</p></li><li><p>scrobs tries to get flick to wrestle him.</p></li><li><p>exuv: not sure how much destroying them will be complete effect.</p></li><li><p>drav: the intent is to bind something evil from the hells; if they are too powerful, they have to bind one of each to balance them off (OR if they don't have enough to ... sacrifice)</p></li><li><p>paros: formation of molds, through the action of words, with observations on their habits</p><ul><li>certain ancient worms. underneath the surface, their excretions end up looking like different things above ground.</li></ul></li><li><p>drav: stonework check [25]: these rocks aren't carrying vibrations or sounds. almost like they're not the same composition all the way through.</p></li><li><p>carlos smashing genitals; genital dust getting everywhere.</p></li><li><p>drav chips away at the rock; "it will be blood"</p></li><li><p>flick tells them how fucked up planarly the circle is.</p></li><li><p>flick sees daealla in mirror image.</p><ul><li>"you have to stop that"</li></ul></li><li><p>flick: make me an offer</p></li><li><p>daealla: we have her trapped for a reason. if exuviae gets out, then her nightmare twin gets out at the same time.</p></li><li><p>flick: can i pull you out of the oil plane?</p></li><li><p>daealla: i am where you see me, but things look different down here.</p></li><li><p>flick smacks the circle of the oil pool with his planar force</p><ul><li>should i have done something different here?</li></ul></li><li><p>drav: think it has something to do with ancient earth-moving entities who could turn rocks into blood and work with the fundamental constituents of the universe. it's value-neutral.</p></li><li><p>exuviae transfixed by the opposite of a black bar: a white cylinder. poking out at you. over genitals of daealla. image.</p></li><li><p>daealla: the nightmare has a black coat and fiery red mane; bright red eyes. hooves made of obsidian.</p></li><li><p>carlos: i think we need to let the nightmare out and separate these things.</p><ul><li>maybe there will be a purely good unicorn to fight on our side; and the druids.</li></ul></li></ul><h2>asking daealla about calliope</h2><ul><li><p>we do tend to get ourselves in straits trying to fix problems</p></li><li><p>peryton was a fey creature whose name was calliope.</p><ul><li>was a succubus. "sexomancy"</li><li>she wasn't as voracious as a fiend from hell or something like that would have been; but what she was doing became a problem - those she had fed off of ; weren't reduced to husks, but they became susceptible to recruitment by some of the more dangerous cults in the area. esp. ones connected to creatures that have existed before even some of the gods. tried to extract this power.</li></ul></li><li><p>in this form she's compelled to try to bring back this power in the form of a child.</p></li><li><p>tantegorisch created by trying to order a pizza ?</p></li><li><p>calliope was turned 5 or 10 years ago.</p></li><li><p>flick: we might have to kill the peryton. calliope doesn't sound great.</p><ul><li>how would we revert her to fey form? (my magic is more sort of intuitive)</li></ul></li><li><p>daealla: something to do with breaking that cycle ?</p></li></ul><h2>aphelia</h2><ul><li><p>daealla: the kiss ended up becoming a person.</p></li><li><p>carlos: i can't aphelia, i hardly know ya'</p></li><li><p>flick [20 history]:</p></li><li><p>paros thinks it's the&nbsp;aphelion&nbsp;: furthest part of orbit from sun</p></li><li><p>carlos wants to fight the neightmare</p></li><li><p>paros agrees with carlos: we've solved all of our other problems with violence</p></li><li><p>drav: let's see who aphelia is</p></li><li><p>would aphelia know what she, aphelia, is.</p></li><li><p>flick: that guy Onfalon: one of the things you learned from him was how to trap certain animals; before you parted that he hinted to you that trapping formed the structural architecture for a lot of the abilities he was able to do as a druid</p><ul><li>or maybe they know something we don't (doubt it) -- to druids, something about basically create of matter and anti-matter spontaneously from the vacuum.</li></ul></li></ul><p>"short halfling word" -- if you can finish it before someone finishes their second breakfast.</p><h2>short rest</h2><ul><li>flick wants to make poison. <ul><li>survival check, divide by 4, round up</li></ul></li><li>paros has: <ul><li>naphula ashes</li><li>zarachiel sap</li></ul></li><li>carlos has P's sap-wood chunk</li><li>paros can't quite figure out how to make sugar <ul><li>takes bread, rubs it around in the oil, and casts fire on it.</li></ul></li></ul><h2>burning genitals</h2><ul><li>flick and carlos: throw all of them in an oil pit and set it alight. <ul><li>paros wants to create ray of frost to make them shatter ???</li></ul></li></ul><p>set the grease pit on fire with all the genitals in it. (which grease pit: the one exuviae is still staring into)</p><ul><li>set the pit on fire. <ul><li>fez [24 perception; nat 20]: the rock with height, dark red liquid starts bubbling out from underneath, and cracks start to form in the outside of the rock. the cracks get wider; material oozes out from cracks. start splitting up like an ice float. soon it's just a bubbling pillar of dark red blood; coming out what look like brains. brainal matter.</li></ul></li><li>"scrotum: the hanging brains"</li><li>looks like the blood is cascading from a well armored knight wearing all black plate mail, and as the blood drains off his helmet and his shoulders, he says: Hengest, to Me!!! Exuviae lights on fire, and it's still burning the but the fire rises up from mane and tail, body is pitch black, blows fire out its mouth -- and he pulls himself onto the horse.</li></ul><p>"ride the nightmare"</p><p>initiative: flick, 23 fez: 6 paros: 15, carlos: drav: 17</p></section>

