<div dir="ltr">October 12, 2019</div>

<div dir="ltr">Day 1 (cont.)</div>

<div dir="ltr">Level 1</div>

# Recap

Drav returned to Marshbout in order to pick up an exigent delivery of stretchable spell book covers designed by noted historiator Leesa Phranq. Joan, a true and loyal friend, kept Drav's memory alive by baptising a chondric mushroom fetus as ‘Dravita’ so the creature’s soul would not be forsaken to the plane of Limbo. Flick’s fragile constitution was put to the test after Carlos noticed and then eviscerated a squirrel that was pregnant with the nut-eggs of its own spider-squirrel squipiderlings, which soon followed their parent into the great gooey abyss of death. Equally curious, though far less gruesome, was a tall pole with a sparkling trinket at its top. The party’s attempts to retrieve the object of interest were thwarted until an exhibition of brute strength by Joan revealed that one of the six classical simple machines (screw threads, which, arguably, are an inclined plane (another simple machine) wrapped around a cylinder) were affixing the pole in the ground. Joan, like a luminous scaly wrench, screwed the pole into the ground until she could retrieve the black metallic sphere which lay in a divot at the top, promptly stuffing it into her backpack — itself still dripping with Dravita’s white ichor.

As the party continued on their arrow-straight path towards Castle Karn, they heard the active sounds of a village ahead. Flick espied two armed witherlings headed aggressively towards the stead. Moving as quietly as a porcupine in outer space, our intrepid wood elf dismantled one of the creatures with two well-placed arrows and reported back to the party as the other witherling fled. Now on high alert, Flick, Carlos, and Joan approached what they believed to be the sounds of the village, only to discover that the noises were emanating from a grotesque incel-informed parody of a cervid, replete with neckbeard, a propensity for vacuous mimicry, and razor-sharp bone ridges substituting for teeth. Already engaged in battle against the creature were two witherlings and a human sorcerer, Paros. With such concentrated firepower, the monster was soon reduced to a slubbering puddle of flesh, and the witherlings (now, it was clear, a more morally sophisticated group than had been originally assumed) pointed the gang towards the purportedly hospitable and welcoming pale of the gnoll village.

<span id="docs-internal-guid-5c2f8c73-7fff-62fb-e338-71780689c60e"></span>

#### — Ludmilla Sperski

# Transcript

[n/a]

