##### <span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Georgia; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: italic; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;">October 26, 2019</span>



<span id="docs-internal-guid-06a38130-7fff-8393-b15d-1db4633e4b91"></span>

##### <span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Georgia; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: italic; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;">Day 1 (cont.) • Day 2</span>



# Recap

After puddlizing [(perh?) reducing to a puddle] the immor, Flick, skifting [flitting] from tree to tree towards the gnoll village, was anticipated in the approach by Joan, who hailed a half dozen of the canine creatures. This latter approach proved its merit, when Thaz, a stealthy outposted guard, got the drop on Flick's hedge-creeping. The magician Mezlar brokered systatic [commendatory] introductions of not only the gnolls but a greedy pig named Gribble which Carlos believed to be out of Paros's romantic league. After Thaz impressed them with hearty calisthenics, Mezlar offered as bivouac the empty home of a recently deceased community member. Flick, ever the detective, described the "fetus mushrooms" seen earlier that day to Mezlar, who instantly recognized the object detailed. One of the gnolls, Kolmy Shortpaw, had, a few months ago, moved north of the village near an expanse of desecrated ruins, and renamed herself Grenlich. The gnolls had been rooting out and burning the hodmandods, but a report of them so far from the village was worrisome; such expansion indicated that Grenlich, once trained by Mezlar's father in techniques now forsworn by the village, could become a sore threat soon.

Mining Mezlar further for renseignements, the group learned that Joan's black orb could instantly impart a year's worth of solid core training to one employing its power, and that the material substance of Flick's figuring bore similarities to an onyx-like stone quondam [formerly] mined nearby. At this point, Joan ceremoniously burned Dravita in the town bonfire, and everyone, exhausted by recent travails, betook themself of a nocturnal rest.

The next morning, Flick abraided [awoke] to the cool 'magical cleansing' tongue of 'Jasper and the Lady Violet' (<span id="docs-internal-guid-157e22db-7fff-584b-df9d-5a77955c35fc">An intelligent horse who lives with gnolls; a practiced surveyor and mathematician</span>

) and its porcine friend. Trivialities were soon shoved aside, though, as a gnoll trapper was carried into town having had his heart torn out and a bevy of winged hodmandods flew into the village, petrified most of the congregated with horrendous shriek, and made to extract the life-force from the dead trapper. A misplaced lightning bolt from Joan allowed one of the creatures to bud a landbound form, and in the fight at least one gnoll was splashed with a sticky ichor before the monsters could take flight. Hoping to provide aid, the adventurers met with Brak Shortpaw, sister to Komy and resident Lorekeeper, who revealed that the trapper's heart had been removed by a not unfamiliar harpy-like creature, and that the appearance of the hodmandods likely an unfortunate coincidence. Apprised of these new developments, the gang took a moment to regroup and steel themselves for their next step.

\*\*<span id="docs-internal-guid-cda8b283-7fff-ce14-5826-a45e6080090d">— Hingleburt Tauncelledonque, esq.</span>

\*\*

# Transcript

[n/a]

