<div>2020-06-21 (June 21, 2020)</div>

<div>very end of Day 9, long rest, Day 10 to early afternoon</div>

<div>level 7</div>

<div><hr></div>

# Recap

<div>Long rest under Xanthuc Temple. A deal with Vek. Fez can't fake it. Cyrowan, the reluctantly silent squire. Up into the sunlight and towards the Big Hedge. Absquatulating with Aphelia? Shut in by Seomra.</div>

<div></div>

# Transcript

<div><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Flick’s apology meant quite a lot to me.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Vek, do you remember a younger me when you knew Shoemaker.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Shoemaker was more like the curator of a museum with a lot of travelling exhibits. Occasionally we’d get spirits from overseas. There were elves that came through there, sometimes druids; we did get a lot of creatures, hermits, ascetics. As an elf you’re …</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: I’m 75. (So, a young adult)</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: I don’t remember you coming into that basement, and I’m fairly sure we’ve not interacted before this.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Do you remember (Lupenna’s description) [Bad Persuasion role]</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: I certainly do get a lot of werecreatures ,lycanthropes and things. It’s rumored that I can cure that disease. It takes more than the power I have, because that’s an agreement made with the natural cycles — almost behind the creature’s back. I largely allow people to look inside themselves. I can offer certain remediations to an unwilling shapechanger. It is possible.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: You may be with us longer than you intend to be.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Just any place outside should do to dump me in! And a glassblower with 50-60 years of training in order to properly break down the vase.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Was this part of the agreement, guys?</p><p dir="ltr">- Jean-luc: It seems like a thing we’d agree to.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Do you remember when we were trying to liberate Aphelia from Seomra so we could return the music to the Peryton? Where did that end up?</p><p dir="ltr">- Jean-luc: I’m just along for the ride, baby.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Someone had their abilities sucked out of them? That sounds like precisely what they may have directed you here for. It’s one of my talents to reintegrate the separated flesh and spirit, just as I can separate them.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: What would you need to help us out with this?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: You’re right I don’t do things for free; but as part of the intervention; I could certainly help with Jean-luc’s increasing alcoholism. I don’t know if the whole surprise intervention thing works; he’d have to be a little bit on board.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: I’m not sure that’s a problem that needs solving.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Typically I get to know people so well that I can gain knowledge that is useful to me; it is sufficient , kind of a pay what you will situation. I’m glad to accept donations.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick:We’ve gained a spirit therapist with the voice of A’Leh “The Goon” Kihs</p><br><p dir="ltr">When Vek speaks, it unintentionally spits bits of soil out of the lidless vase. Flick covers the lid with the mildly sticky fizzlecyst webbing, forgoing the use of a hammock spied in a backroom. Survival and perception checks indicate to Fez and Flick that there could be an entity in the subbasement’s pool. If it hasn’t come up by now it probably won’t. If the door is barred, they should be safe. Flick has lingering anxiety about smoldering wood, and scurries about stamping out any charred pieces of wood.</p><br><p dir="ltr">[Long Rest commences]</p><br><p dir="ltr">Jean-luc thinks to himself that he enjoys a good drink, and maybe hits the bottle harder than others, but recently he’s started to doubt whether or not he’s a verified alcoholic.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Fez [Wis save] Abzu had mentioned something about the Talleacht; while dreaming, these tall pale humanoid creatures, known from childhood stories describing ghouls or ghasts; look like they have gills and webbing. A nightmare of a few of these creatures wandering up from the sub basement pool (still green pool with algae on top), algae covers them like strands; they make their way up the stairs and come stand before you.</p><p dir="ltr">- Talleacht. Fez! Why aren’t you coming for us? Why aren’t you saving us?</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: I don’t know who you are.</p><p dir="ltr">- Talleacht: Fez! Seek out the Talleacht. We are the Gormflaith. Why have you abandoned your fellow sailors?</p><p dir="ltr">Fez startles awake, and they disappear.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance [Con save fail] CON and CHA decrease by three due to the Boils spreading. He wakes up in the middle of the night shivering from a fever; the neuropathy is worse; the boils have started to spread across his body; and he’s having trouble breaking.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I think i know what the problem is. I have to go downstairs and take a dip. I used to swim every day in the icy ponds of Cromfldldor; that’s how I felt my best self; and I haven’t felt my best self since then. I just need a nice refreshing swim, so I’m going to pop down there and do a few laps if you fellas don’t mind.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Well don’t let me stop you.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Before you go some of those boils look pretty — uhf. Do you mind if I put a salve on them?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Well, they do hurt. it’d be nice if you could pop them like a bubble wrap.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: It’s going to burn a little (but it actually burns a lot)</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Bring it on, brother.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Fez brings out a primarily alcohol-based salve and then “heals disease.” The boils subside somewhat, and the delicious warm feeling of burning alcohol spreads throughout the wound, and he regains 1 points each of CON and CHA.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Well perhaps I don’t need that swim after all.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: It’s an excellent salve; I made it myself</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Could you give me the recipe?</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: I think I remember what it was, but it requires a still and the necessary amount of sailor’s grog.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: That I'm afraid I don’t have. I’d have to ask Jean-luc, our drunkard friend.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: He does know how to put it away, doesn’t he.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I’m not sure he “knows how”</p><br><p dir="ltr">Jean-luc is over in the corner sleeping soundly. Fez [makes DC 15 wisdom check with nat 20?], while applying the salve, his fingers feel strange and rubbery for a minute, but as he continues to rub it into the gross boils, he explains it to himself as having to do with how disgusting Vengeance’s skin is.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: On second thought, maybe I’ll dip my toe in the water and see how it feels.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance makes his way downstairs, Flick quietly tracking him, while the sounds of a flute issue from the bar. Vengeance plays a horrible screwing racket on his bagpipes. Vengeance makes it to the pool which emits a lurid and noxious green light. The pool is almost 100 feet long, and the room is entirely visible due to the glow. As Vengeance gets down to the pool, he sees, standing 30 feet away, a figure of a teenage boy, wearing a dark green robe over tattered hide armor.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: I’m looking for Sir Master Fezziwig Hornswoggle!</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance plays his mournful nightswimming theme on his bagpipes. [nat 20?] .&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Are you saying he’s dead? Your bagpipe playing conveys so much, even your name!</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I was hoping to take a solitary swim, and you’re harshing my buzz, so if you could kind of scram, little boy.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Yes, I’ve been told I’m always getting in the way of people. Is the body of Lord Fez somewhere that I could still view it?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Since when did he become a lord?</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: I’m not sure of his title, but I know that he’s renowned throughout the world?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I think he’s just upstairs.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: How should I prepare myself to see him? Is he in a casket, or a mausoleum?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I think he’s just having a drink up there in the bar. He’s definitely still alive.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: why were you playing such a sad dirge for him.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: That was just for my swimming ritual.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: OHHH! Well can i sidle past you here?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I’ve already changed into my bathing costume made of sharp and spiny hair.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Why do you have the hairs pointing inwards towards yourself?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I sometimes like to do it that way; it provides better insulation.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: And what’s going on with your hands? It looks like a dead person’s skin.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: No, that’s just my normal hands…</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: I’m sorry, I shouldn’t be so judgmental. I’ll get out of your way — the water’s quite tepid.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance dips his toe in to discover the water is room temperature.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Little boy, do you know any freezing spells, something to take the water temperature down a bit?</p><br><p dir="ltr">Cyrowan’s eyes roll back in his head.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: [deep voice] Ye [regular voice] s I do have something like that. What would you like frozen?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Maybe a swimming lane?</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: It’s really just a cube this big.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: FINE I’ll just paddle around in circles.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance [Arcana fail] is distracted by a rebar pole in the wall; meanwhile Cyrowan creates a five foot cube of ice just under Vengeance’s feet floating in the pool.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Will this do for you? If you give me a minute or so I could cover more of a line for you?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Ok, here goes.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance puts on his splintery wooden goggles and jumps into the pool. The water chills quickly near to the ice cube; it does get satisfactorily cold within a few minutes. Meanwhile, Cyrowan, making his way up the stairs fitfully, sneaks surreptitious glances back at Vengeance.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Come on in everybody, the water’s terrible?</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance’s voice is so quiet that it doesn’t even reverberate back to him — has his larynx frozen up, as had been his intent? Flick makes it back to the room before Cyrowan. Carlos is praying fervently, and Jean-luc is slumped over the table.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Sorry to wake you up, bud.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Did you make breakfast?</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Not yet, but something came out of the radiant pool downstairs and is asking about you. I would bet it’s the same kind of creature as the ones disguised as people from our past. Fez leaps up, grabbing weapons and armor. Without waking the dwarves, Flick moves the upturned table on which Drav and Carlos are sleeping. Flick positions herself behind Fez but in the limits of his aura. Jean-luc is still sleeping behind the bar, as far as possible from the door, in the hammock.</p><br><p dir="ltr">They see the pale, tow-headed figure, black-eyebrowed, unarmed figure of Cyrowan, in tattered leather armor, poke his head around the door frame.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan (taking a knee and bowing his head in front of Fez): Lord Sir Fezziwig Hornswoggle, it’s such an honor to meet you!</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Just call me ‘Sir Fezziwig Hornswoggle’</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Yes, whatever you desire, of course!</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: And what is your name?</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: My name? It’s hardly worth mentioning. The name of one so lowly as myself …</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Nice to meet you, ‘It’s-Hardly-Worth-Mentioning’</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Oh, sir, quite a wit on you! It’s one of the reasons I’ve sought you out over the land, high low east west top bottom</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: But your name…</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: It’s Cyrowan sir c-y-r-o-w-a-n</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: I have very little use for letters</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Oh yes, a lack of need for letters is one of the signs of a great knight, how could I forget?</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Why have you sought me out, as great as I am.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: I wish to become your squire. Precisely because of your reputation. I wish to become one who’s skilled in the martial arts like yourself and do wonderful things.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: What skills do you have? Any skills with a sword?</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Yes, I can swing a sword capably.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez (tossing him a rapier): Show me what you got. This is a job interview.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: that’s very kind sir but I want more than a job. I want to train with you and be an apprentice! I don’t require any pay.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez (to the open room): Is ‘apprentice’ a job?</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick (hiding): —</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Drav, Carlos, back me up here. Apprentice is a job, right?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: From what I’ve seen, an apprenticeship is more like a station in life rather than a job.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Are the mechanics of getting it similar?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Typically families send someone to a higher-status family. It’s sort of a take it or leave it. The higher status people are always looking for servants, essentially.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: What if I’m … not.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: I guess you have to tell him to piss off.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez; Ok, well, scary dirt monster says you have to piss off.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Who, sir? I heard that bag talking.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: That’s some kind of weird potted plant. I’m not sure of the details. He … came in with a giant bear. He suggests that if I’m not looking for a servant, that you should “piss off”</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Please sir I’ll do anything to be your apprentice, doing whatever you bid.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: that does seem like a very useful service. Unfortunately staffing needs … in this economy. And our alcohol budget is going to go through the roof. I’m not sure we have the resources, know-how, elbow-grease.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Sir in fact I provide my own way and even provide for you.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: In that case you’re hired. I teach you how to be great. The first: be luckier. Two: Every morning I will work on sparring with you and teach you how to fight. Three: A vow of silence. All of my apprentices take a vow of silence.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: Yes I’ve heard of this. In fact I think I saw a monk downstairs. He was talking, but … we could still talk during the training? That sounds good to me, sir.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Fez reaches out his hand. He and Cyrowan narrow down the terms of the vow of silence.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: You don’t think I’m weird, do you sir?</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Absolutely not.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: I can still write things down?</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Yes. And the vow is also an expression of silence.</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan: So clever sir, I wouldn’t let anyone tell me you’re not the cleverest man on the planet.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Cyrowan begins being silent. Fez, without alerting Cyrowan, uses Divine Sense. He doesn’t detect celestials, fiends, or undead. Flick comes out from behind the table and begins trancing. Downstairs, Vengeance, feeling refreshed, jumps out of the pool and uses the piece of rebar to comb his few strands of hair while viewing his reflection in the pool. “Alright Vengeance, you can do this,” and adopts a karate pose. The laceration on his side splits open at this, bursting boils along the laceration and spreading the diseased tissue outwards from the center. Little piranha-like fish jumps from the pool and gobble up the exploding liquid. A frothy whirlpool appears as they go crazy.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I thought I wanted to freeze, but I guess I needed to BOIL, popping some boils and collecting the liquid in a vial.</p><br><p dir="ltr">He runs upstairs to show his friends the vial, and asks if they’d wish to go into business opening an apothecary with him.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Hey, the guy from before!</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Yes, my squire: he has taken the customary vow of silence. It’s great for building character and absorbing what the world has to offer.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: That’s probably for the best — his voice was a little distracting.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: That’s definitely not why he took the vow.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Why was it then? He seemed to really like you.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: I’m trying to be a good teacher — I have to make a personal sacrifice because it’s necessary for the learning process.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Vengeance, did you ever take a vow of silence?&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I did take such a vow; however, I did eventually have to break it, mostly because I was screaming so hard during one particularly rigorous tortue sessions, so I figured, screw it, I don't need to keep this up.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: So you thought that committing to a vow would prevent you from screaming? It had to be an external reinforcement?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Unfortunately I haven’t been very good at sticking to my decisions, but from now on I’m going to. I’m set on completing my quest.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: We did make quite a breakthrough! You wanted to become an oak tree, I said you had to become a grub first, then you were going to seek out a woman who transformed your beloved into a mule. I know I’m gonna find something in you, and I promise you can find something in me.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: You seem like a really cool spirit.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Yeah, me and this little wet dude are pretty cool together. we could be our own little sub-group.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Wet dude</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Yeah, … the Cyrowan guy.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Oh I thought you said “Rotrude” and I got wistful.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: You must have had quite the on-again off-again&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Sometimes I think about her and wonder what could have been.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vengeance expresses sympathy for soil being paved over.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Vek: Yeah I used to have a brother: Sek. He could manifest as soil too. That’s what happened to him. Somebody poured him on some farmland, and covered it over. He’s still stuck there to this day. Maybe your dwarf friends could help with that. I haven’t heard from him in millenia.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Vek begins to describe his multi-container claustrophobia, and how he needs to contract out a shaman to de-contain him if he’s contained three times. Then he “goes to the bathroom.”</p><br><p dir="ltr">[Long Rest actually completes]</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick (to Vengeance): Was there a way further into the structure in the pool downstairs?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I didn’t see exits, but I didn’t dive down. I have to imagine that this dungeon goes down infinitely to the depths of hell. It just seems like that kind of place.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Yeah, even just one level down has proven very strange. I was to get back to Seomra and see if we can get Aphelia to come with us.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I’m ready to get out of here as well.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick (to Jean-luc): You ready to go?</p><p dir="ltr">- Jean-luc: Yeah, thanks for the hammock. (Looks around) Did we pick up a new companion while I was out?&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">The rocks that Xanthu had used to block the exit are again crumbled on the floor. In the temple, Slugg and Balgarius are curled up sleeping together. Vengeance, existing the basement, and in combination with the Hairshirt and the ameliorative effects of the pool, the boils have subsided and all that remains is the healing laceration and the boil scars.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Fez: I told you that salve would work.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Allow me to present you with this vial of pus. It’s quite potent.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: Please hand it to my new squire, who keeps all of my noxious boil materials.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Cool, so we’re just going to be going through him now?</p><p dir="ltr">- Cyrowan nods officiously. Not able to find a bag, he wraps the vial in his tattered clothing.</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: We’ll find you a bag.</p><br><p dir="ltr">The group heads back to Seomra and the music room there. Only about a day and a half has passed. Empty leave plates with crumbs and fruits are scattered about; pitcher-plants hold various enticing liquids. Flick walks in, acting like she belongs in the place, but not owns the place, and casually sets Vek’s container on a nearby projection.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick (whispering): Vek, can you sense anything “off” about Aphelia. (Pointing out Aphelia)</p><br><p dir="ltr">Flick [fails Intimidation] sees a number of the women run up to help her; Vek’s vase is closed so no dirt closes.</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Oh, if you can make sure that’s not too close to the edge.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- long silver haired elf: Why are you here? I don’t think I’ve seen you before.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick (pulling out her flute): I feel like Aphelia and I connected yesterday and I wanted to see if she had anything else to teach me.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Flick remembers that she had been starting to understand or translate Aphelia’s sonic communications. She gives a quick flourish with the flute. Aphelia looks up and over at you. She glances quizzically at the vase. Flick holds out her hand in a placatory manner .</p><br><p dir="ltr">- FLick (to Vek): She’s who we’re here to see. Does anything seem missing about her?&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: There are odd vibrations in this room.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Are they coming from her or someone else?</p><p dir="ltr">- Eth: oh, YOU! I thought you were already taken care of by the Simurgh.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">“here . time . now . is . preference “ (while disguising as casual noodling) [nat 20]”</p><br><p dir="ltr">A smile creeps across her face. She plays deep bass notes, and any hair that hasn’t fallen off by now does so; everyone returns to their original level of hairiness. she gets up and places a hand on Eth’s shoulder. aphelia comes over and adopts a cross-legged style, which flick mirrors. she pushes flick’s flute aside. I explain to her why we’re there and impress upon her the daily horror that the gnolls are living under. I’m not asking her to come with; we’re going to fight the Peryton and bring it back.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Is she willing to entertain that being reintegrated with the Peryton (calliope) would end her existence as she knows it.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Last time she’d said that she had amnesia and couldn’t remember a prior life. But communicating through music she did indicate that she remembered the musical feeling of that time, and that it was something she longed for. (also, all this music stuff … ?)</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick (to Vek): could you effect this reunification in the wild?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: I’d have to see the flesh; there’s so much missing here; i don’t know that i’ve ever seen a creature separated from its spirit outside my embrace. but the wild is, to me, just like an interior, except for all that claustrophobia stuff.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Aphelia isn’t making a noise, but she’s putting her hands over her ears and screaming.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Fez: this is kinda out of my element.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Well, nothing to do but forge ahead.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Eth: what are you doing to her? She's very sensitive to vibrations. I don’t know that anyone would like the sounds coming out of that vase. What have you got in there?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: where are you putting me?</p><p dir="ltr">- Eth: make sure you cinch the bag!</p><br><p dir="ltr">Flick puts Vek in the key pocket of the bag of holding.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vek: This is even more restrictive!</p><p dir="ltr">- Eth: Thank you! Now what are you trying to get from Aphelia? She already said that she would go with you.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: It looks from the outside like we are a band of crazy people and — we are</p><p dir="ltr">- Jean-luc: but we mean well?</p><br><p dir="ltr">Aphelia connects eyes with Cyrowan and touches his lips. Cyrowan mimes being a squire for Fez. (Fez had asked for rabbits, and laughed at Cyrowan when he’d fallen down on the way over).</p><br><p dir="ltr">Jean-luc remembers a dream in which by putting the kettle on his head he is able to transform into a bear. Was Shoemaker under this spell? But she had stayed a bearlike creature after death. He did not sense anything malevolent during the dream. Vengeance meanwhile traverses the room to the piano, places Rotrude’s handskin on the piano, saying, “Ok, sister, one more time?” and takes out his bagpipe to play. The gloves not animating themselves, Vengeance puts his hands inside and begins to play.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- What are you touching our piano with?&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: It’s normal, it’s just me and my dead sister playing a duet.</p><p dir="ltr">- Sister? You’re just holding decaying matter in your hands.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: How dare you!&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">One of the druids grapples the monk to the ground while another grabs his bagpipe.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- What are these things? This is something you’re wearing? Who are you?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Vengeance? is my name? — why are you harassing me like this?&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Certainly you can play the piano, but why would you want to make it so disgusting?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: I don’t really have the time to explain this to you, and really you should educate yourself. This seems to be a bit anti-undead. [persuasion 16]</p><br><p dir="ltr">The druids still look suspicious, but a little calmer.</p><p dir="ltr">- Yeah, we’ve been called that before, and I recognize how that could come off as bigotted. But we still ask that the undead clean up after themselves, the entrails and other body parts that fall off. Seomra has enough to deal with on her own.</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Let me give you this book, it’s called human Fragility, and we don’t realize the privileges that we have as humans — i’m half-elf, so I can talk about this stuff. There’s a workbook with some exercises you can do.</p><p dir="ltr">- Is the workbook separate?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: no , that’s something you can mail in for.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Cyrowan shuffles forward with the brochures he and Vengeance had made on their way north. One of the druids looks at it cursorily.</p><p dir="ltr">- I think we’re pretty good as far as educating ourselves goes. we have access to most of the knowledge in the known universe.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: It’s this arrogance I’m talking about . You need to know what you don’t know before you know anything.</p><p dir="ltr">- I’m going to pity you and borrow your book.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: great, the answers come pre-filled in. other workbooks come blank, but mine are already filled in.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- So the answer key is there, you just want us to do the reading. there’s no grading service?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: no, there is. there’s … you send me some money and then I send you an A.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- And the cert is good for what?</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: It’s really a self-betterment thing. the work that you do to earn the money to spend on the book.</p><p dir="ltr">- Our money is basically this (she pulls out a leave with bones and a worm on it). it’s primarily the leave, but sometimes we put a little spice on our currency. What’s really dangerous is if you try to pull my hair out, without pulling it up.</p><br><p dir="ltr">Flick tries to “read the room” in order to see how much distraction is going on. And Vengeance has been employing Qi-Xotic Confusion. Flick’s goal, getting Aphelia out of the room without being seen. So they are so engaged with Vengeance that they can’t move or take actions. Vengeance takes out his three nut shells , “Hey anybody want to play a quick game? It’s really fun,” yanking one of his teeth out and putting it under the shells. Instead of playing, they scream and pack gauze and phellem into his mouth. One of them is trying to get the gloves off his hands without touching them.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Vengeance: Watch yourself!</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick (whispers to Aphelia): Come with me now!</p><br><p dir="ltr">[Mick leaves]</p><br><p dir="ltr">Aphelia resists ineffectually, and with Eth distracted, Flick drags the personified Kiss backwards into the stairwell, promising inwardly to explain everything to her. The stairway begins to collapse on the two fleeing figures [insight 12], and pull back upwards, which seems intentional.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick (to Aphelia): Have you ever ‘gone between’ ?</p><br><p dir="ltr">Flick grabs her closely and does a dance spin to open the portal and catch both of them. [Arcana 8] . That doesn’t work, so flick grabs her by the waist and dives off the stairway , using her climbing glove to hang onto the end and jerk a vine free that will swing them down to the ground. It goes so well that Flick is even able to manage a flavor-triple-spin and land lightly and gracefully on her feet with Amalia in her off-arm. A few leaves scatter picturesquely.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick (whispering): I’m really sorry!</p><br><p dir="ltr">Aphelia’s nausea appears to worsen. Flick grabs her and pulls her towards the entrance. As they run past some other elves in there , as she made quite an entrance, she sees that Seomra’s door is beginning to close. The doors close before Flick can get there and takes some bludgeoning damage.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick: The biggest wound is to my pride!&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Get off of her! (five other elves that have gathered around)</p><br><p dir="ltr">Upstairs, Eth sees that Aphelia has gone missing. She looks at Jean-Luc, and beneath her the floor opens up and she drops down a slide made of leaves to the floor below. Jean-luc hurries down the stairs.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick: I’m very dangerous! But against five, we’ll see!&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">[DM tries to figure out the map system]</p><br><p dir="ltr">The elves are not wielding weapons.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick (in elvish): Brothers and sisters, I’m glad you can bear witness to the way I saved this young woman from the staircase malfunction. I know you’re very impressed by that. We were going to go on a walk by the Alldrink; if you could back away we’d very much appreciate it. Flick, addressing the elf who called back her unsuspecting companion, Ephlalphl, who (he) has his name embroidered on his leaf toga.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Efphalphl: the tree can clearly see that you’re attempting to make your egress with no good business at hand; you’ve taken this young lady here hostage?</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Why would you trust its judgment more than mire?</p><p dir="ltr">- The tree has an ability to read intentions; how else could it open paths for you</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: but surely it doesn’t have access to the objective rightness or wrongness of any course of action. . why would you defer to it blindly?&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Efphalphl: Well, you know, it _might_, as a possibly immortal vegetal entity. so who knows how close its connection is to true and false. but in any case it can see that one who’s lived here her whole life seems to be in danger.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: I assure you she’s in no danger. i don’t know if you noticed, but i saved her … very impressively I might add.&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Ef: is that where you decided to jump off the stairs?</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: we were both being prevented from using a slightly less convenient door. I see you’re not going to be any help!&nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">- Dlapholph here! you want me to tell my friends what to do? I feel like that’s commanding another.</p><p dir="ltr">- Flick: Ok, i’m just going to turn around and find the handle that’s on this door and be on my way.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Flick [Intimidation 17] notices that Aphelia is clinging closer to Flick just because of Flick’s proximity and her confusion. Flick again commits herself to explaining all this to Aphelia later. She glances behind her to see that there are two side entrances which opened when the primary door closed. Flick thinks it would be great if the elves started arguing amongst each other over who has the most authority. “We’re no better than the tyrants we oppose if we detain her,” Flick, in self-righteous haste, imagines she hears. Aphelia gestures at her hands and Flick sees that her dulcimer is no longer there. Flick gives her the flute to play.&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">[Initiative is rolled.]</p><br><p dir="ltr">- Flick: You have exactly six seconds to let me leave or shit is going to get ugly. I’m not going to pretend that you have any right to keep me here. [Intimidation 16].&nbsp;</p><br><p dir="ltr">Two of the elves back off and join Dalpholf. “She’s got a point, I’m going to let Seomra deal with it.” But two others remain committed to keeping the sketchy Flick from leaving.&nbsp;</p><span id="docs-internal-guid-cd299809-7fff-d32a-fb85-45573f094c1d"></span></div>

